`store` and `load` docs (#1525)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/cheatcodes/load.md

# `load`

> `fn load(target: ContractAddress, storage_address: felt252, size: felt252) -> Array<felt252> `

> Loads a `Array` of felts from `target` contract's storage, starting at `storage_address`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loads `size` felts from `target` contract's storage into an `Array`, starting from `storage_address`.
```

Author: starting `at` is more gramatically correct
will correct though

Reviewer: np, just some suggestions, adjust if needed

- `target` - Address of the contract, which storage you want to modify
- `storage_address` - Offset of the data in the contract's storage 
- `size` - How many felts will be loaded into the result `Array` 

> Those examples present the usage in practise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

```rust
mod Contract {
    #[storage]
    struct Storage {
        plain_felt: felt252,
        mapping: LegacyMap<felt252, felt252>,
    }
}

// ...

> use snforge_std::{ store, load, map_entry_address };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use snforge_std::{ load, map_entry_address };
```

#[test]
fn load_plain_felt() {
    let deployed = deploy_contract();

>     let loaded = load(deployed.contract_address, selector!("plain_felt"), 1);

Reviewer 2: Some example where to get the size from would be useful

>     assert(loaded.len() == 1, 'Wrong loaded vector');
>     assert(*loaded.at(0) == 0, 'Wrong loaded value');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    assert(loaded.len() == 1, 'Should load 1 felt');
    assert(*loaded.at(0) == 0, 'Should load 0');
```

}

#[test]
fn load_map_entry() {
    let deployed = deploy_contract();
    load(
        deployed.contract_address, 
        map_entry_address(
            selector!("mapping"), // Providing variable name

>             array![123].span(),   // Providing mapping key 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            array![123].span(),   // Providing mapping keys 
```
Should it be? Or another example for multiple keys, I feel like it still not clear why it's an array / how to work with nested maps

Author: [Add an example how to handle complex mapping key/values in the contract](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/1525/commits/e7b8185be349c2f96ce5c43e6ac9757672080862)

Author: I'm not going to provide example with nested maps since it's highly unusual one, and this example range is already too extensive

# `load`

> `fn load(target: ContractAddress, storage_address: felt252, size: felt252) -> Array<felt252> `

Loads `size` felts from `target` contract's storage into an `Array`, starting at `storage_address`.

- `target` - Address of the contract, which storage you want to modify
- `storage_address` - Offset of the data in the contract's storage 

> - `size` - How many felts will be loaded into the result `Array` 

Reviewer 3: Should start with lowercase letter after `-`

## Example usage

```rust
mod Contract {
    #[storage]
    struct Storage {
        plain_felt: felt252,
        mapping: LegacyMap<felt252, felt252>,
    }
}

// ...
use snforge_std::{ load, map_entry_address };

#[test]
fn load_plain_felt() {
    // ...
    
    let loaded = load(contract_address, selector!("plain_felt"), 1);
    assert(loaded.len() == 1, 'Wrong loaded vector');
    assert(*loaded.at(0) == 0, 'Wrong loaded value');
}

#[test]
fn load_map_entry() {
    // ...
    load(
        contract_address, 
        map_entry_address(
            selector!("mapping"), // Providing variable name
            array![123].span(),   // Providing mapping key 
        ),
        1,
    );
    
    assert(loaded.len() == 1, 'Expected 1 felt loaded');
    assert(*loaded.at(0) == 0, 'Expected 0 value loaded');
}

#[derive(starknet::Store)]
struct ElaborateStructure {
    a: felt252,
    b: felt252,
    // ...

> }

Reviewer 3: How is this struct related to this example? Why is `StoreElaborateStructure` used below when we read from `LegacyMap<felt252, felt252>`?

Author: uhh i don't know. was rushing it obviously 😬

#[test]
fn load_elaborate_struct() {
    // ...
    load(
        contract_address, 
        map_entry_address(
            selector!("mapping"), // Providing variable name
            array![123].span(),   // Providing mapping key 
        ),

>         StoreElaborateStructure::size().into(), // Auto-generated trait for starknet::Store deriving structs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        StoreElaborateStructure::size().into(), // Implementation of starknet::Store for the struct generated by `#[derive(starknet::Store)]` macro
```

Author: [Add explanation to how the Store trait works](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/1525/commits/9d5173720f4590c4bb1f74c83a6d303aa7712807)

    );
    
    assert(loaded.len() == 1, 'Expected 1 felt loaded');
    assert(*loaded.at(0) == 0, 'Expected 0 value loaded');
}
```

> 📝 **Note** 
> 

> > The cheatcode will return 0s for uninitialized memory, which is a default storage value for Starknet contracts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> The cheatcode will return zeros for "uninitialized" memory, which is a default storage value for Starknet contracts.
```
https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Smart_Contracts/contract-storage/#storage_layout
If it was actually unititialized, it wouldn't be set to zeros ☝️🤓

> ⚠️ **Warning**
> 

> > Complex data can often times be packed in a custom manner (see [this pattern](https://book.cairo-lang.org/ch99-01-03-05-optimizing-storage.html#storage-optimization-with-storepacking)) to optimize costs
> > Using different lengths for packed data might result in incorrect deserialization.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Complex data can often times be packed in a custom manner (see [this pattern](https://book.cairo-lang.org/ch99-01-03-05-optimizing-storage.html#storage-optimization-with-storepacking)) to optimize costs.
> If that's the case for your contract, make sure to handle deserialization properly - standard methods might not work.
```
